---
layout: post
title: Some Commandments That Just Suddenly Appeared
author: Regina Clark
categories: [Comedy]
tags: [Sex , Conversation]
image:
  feature: holytabs.jpg
  teaser:
--- 


Caption: Created by holy queer auntie god on high using the exact same supernatural wizardry as the writing on a grain of rice you find at any fair or carnival.

These word were found by an old tweaker who led his people into a filthy nasty consensual orgy. Emblazoned on tablets of ecstasy found in a forbidden sex dungeon in the basement at a queer bar in the seedy part of town. Why here, in this hetero desert of all places? For the same reason Moses found the 10 Commandments in the actual desert: because the people who made up that story used their creative agency. THAT’S WHY.

Why does a queer god even care about straight people? Because she’s tired of your sex misery clogging up her stupid social media. THAT’S WHY. Most queer people grew up in nuclear families and fled them for a reason: we can not be bothered. Now, sorry to break it to you, but the human race will continue to be punished with another Fifty Shades book AND movie every year as long as straight people keep having this problem with sexual consent. It has been decreed.

1. Straight boys, thou shalt pay people for their sex work as you would like to be paid for your comedy work.
In other words, thou shalt pay a professional to service you with whatever gets your rocks off. Maybe it’s a fantasy where you’re a nubile pre-teen boy and she’s your beleaguered chain-smoking nanny in heels and big hair who begrudgingly goes along with everything you want. No, that’s way too over the rainbow for your kind. Or how about the workaday old hat, because I know y’all like it plain and sad: nebbishy dude with little girl step-daughter. No judgment. There are plenty of discreet professionals out there who will work for you, for a fee. 

2. Straight gals, thou shalt tell him what you’re into. 
If you even know what you’re into! If you don’t know, pretend that you live in a world where almost all porn is made expressly for your ego, often with the reassuring trill of denigrating violence against the opposite sex that cements your inborn authority. In other words, take control. Go gurl and other aphorisms popularized by Pinterest & Instagram and ruinously emblazoned on otherwise perfectly fine T-shirts at ROSS Dress for Less. Have a game plan. Know what you want to do with your date and know what you absolutely will not do.

3. Basic boys, thou shalt not take a basic lady out on a rom-com fantasy date to tacitly elicit sexual compliance. 
If you give her that kind of candle-lit wining and dining, she’ll be expecting rose petals and a day in Paris. She’ll be shocked when she’s treated like a pet in the home of a curious toddler. But you already knew that, didn’t you? You dog. You boy being a boy, you. You’ve talked the #Timesup talk now it’s time to walk the #Timesup walk. It’s easy: openly disclose to a willing partner what you’re into. If you can’t find a willing partner then pay a professional. Many prostitutes are capable of role playing and pretending like you’re hurting them, so it’s pretty much the same thing but without actually assaulting another human being.

4. Straight gals, thou shalt get out a mirror and massage your pussy like it’s 1973. 
In this misogynist culture it can be hard to feel safe with your sexuality, but you have to explore your kinks in order to state your sexual needs. Try to get into the headspace that you don’t live in a society where 1 in 6 women are victims of rape and attempted rape. You’ll find it’s a fun escape from reality. I know that’s a lot of fictionalizing, but you’re good at make-believing when you’re being gaslit: why not apply your superpower to your own sexual gratification. Getting to know your sexuality will prepare you for an actual consensual encounter in which you talk about what you like and dislike before, during and after sex. Honestly this is so 101, but everyone has to start somewhere. 

5. Straight boys, thou shalt have sex with your bros.
It’s obvious you love each other. You know that one guy, you know the one… and you know what? When he’s fucking some random bitch, he’s thinking of you too, Tiger. It doesn’t make you gay to fuck him. Brokeback Mountain was made by an all straight cast, writers and director. Take a cue from Hollywood, you don’t have to be gay in order to claim it. The scenarios your date-rape girlfriends describe sound like you’re looking for another male to wrestle with, and you’re taking your frustrations out on these wretched ladies. Look at yourself: Your life is a low rent version of a John Waters movie, if all the creativity was removed, and sadness put in the empty spaces. Your life is the B movie of B movies. The only way out of this hell is to kiss your beer drinking partner. You already confide in your boy about your sexual exploits and he keeps your sex crimes secret and plays dumb til the end. I mean, it would be so hot if you two would just fuck. Receive some dick, or you’re missing out. Give AND receive at least once in your life or you’ll plateau. But then again I think everyone is queer deep down. But then again I am god, so I am right. 

6. Straight gals, thou shalt stop being so pretty and nice on dates.
When going on a date, try sporting a confident, devil-may-care attitude. Take a note from the male gender. Not being under threat of a crime that is prosecuted 1% of the time, men feel free and it shows. It’s time to play, ladeez! Erase from your mind and body all the times you’ve been harassed or inappropriately touched this week. Start by inventing a new character for yourself, a new persona that graciously doubles as a body guard. It’s almost like playing Barbies or dress up, but like if you didn’t give a fuck or shit about anything at all, least of all your appearance. Play dress up by showing up to your dates with a metal probe and with actual shit in your hair. Your man will be attentive as well as concerned for his personal safety while pretending not to be weirded out. If you’re lucky, he’ll write an exposé blog post in Esquire about your creepy sexual proclivities, and word might get around that women aren’t such easy targets anymore.

Straight people, pull yourselves together. Your sex lives are like a dull porno made in the style of the depressing part of a pharmaceutical commercial. The Fifty Shades franchise is the scourge you brought on by your soulless sex lives. Melania is currently hard at work ghost writing the next franchise, but it doesn’t have to be this way. Change your ways, while there’s still time. 
-Signed, Auntie God


Poster: For basic ladies who considered S&M when the Kirkland is enough. Or for a handsome man with a basic bitch fetish, fingers crossed.* ambien + wine = liquid hope makes them think this is possible
