# DAY4
1. accomplish 
성취하다
Careful planning is essential for accomplishing goals.
세심한 계획은 목표를 성취하는데 필수적이다.

2. adjust
적응하다.
The employees quickly adjusted to their new responsibilities.

3. agree
The team agreed on the recommendations of the advisor.

4. aspiration
Steve has aspirations to become a partner in the firm.

5. assign
HR assigns a unique security ID to all incoming recruits.

6. assist
A consultant assisted with preparing for the conference.

7. assume
The management assumes employees are satisfied.
The marketing department will assume responsibility for the project.

8. combined 
Out combined experience has produced great sales results.

9. conduct 
IJMR Ltd. will conduct the research study.

10. confidential 
Her assignment was highly confidential.

11. contrary
Techworld is in financial trouble, despite claims to the contrary.

12. coordinate 
The Chicago office coordinated the planning process.

13. count on 
We provide outsourcing services that clients can count on.
14. creditable 
Out Beijing office has established a creditable reputation in China.
15. direct
The receptionist directs customers to the product display area.
16.disturbing 
Listening to loud music in the office could be disturbing to coworkers.
16. disturbing 
Listening to loud music in the office could be disturbing to coworkers.
17. draw on
In her new position, Sheila had to draw on her experience from past jobs.
18. duplicate 
Head office ordered a duplicate of the contract.
19. eminent 
The consultant was an eminent researcher.
20. endeavor 
We will endeavor to finish the project by Friday.
21. engage 
Each worker was engaged in at least two projects.
22. execute Assigned tasks must be executed promptly and efficiently.
23. foster 
Staff dinners helped foster better work relations.
24. friction 
Competition for performance bonuses caused friction amongst employees.
25. get along with
The CEO gets along with his new advisor very well.
26. hardly
She was hardly ever late for her shift.
27. insubordinate 
The intern was dismissed on charges of insubordinate behavior.
28. intention 
She had every intention of attending the conference. but couldn't.
29. lax 
As of late, the staff has been rather lax in turning in reports.
30. malign
The company accused union activists of maligning its integrity.
31. neutrality
His neutrality was called into question.
32. occasionally 
She occasionally failed to perform critical tasks.
33. personnel
We often use an agency to find reliable temporary personnel.
34. procrastinate 
The director accused his assistant of procrastinating.
35. respectful
Salesmen are reminded to be respectful to all clients.
36. respective 
The disputing parties explained their respective positions.
37. responsible 
Employees are responsible for their own safety at work.
38. routinely
Government workers are routinely required to get health checkups.
39. subsequent 
The strategy was so successful that it was used for all subsequent projects.
40. transform 
Eastel Networks helps transform your business models in innovative ways.
41. undertake
She had to undertake the task at short notice.
42. voluntarily
He voluntarily took on the arduous task to gain experience.
43. widely 
a widely admired business leader.




5.
